Rename to marine: step 1 (#83)
fluencelabs/marine: README.md

# Marine

Marine is a general purpose Wasm runtime that could be used in different scenarios, especially in programs based on the [ECS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entity_component_system) pattern or plugin architecture. It runs multi-module WebAssembly applications with interface-types and shared-nothing linking scheme.

> Fluence [nodes](https://github.com/fluencelabs/fluence) use Marine to execute [aquamarine](https://github.com/fluencelabs/aquamarine) and services compiled to Wasm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluence [nodes](https://github.com/fluencelabs/fluence) uses Marine to execute [AIR](https://github.com/fluencelabs/aquamarine) scripts and services compiled to Wasm:
```
